[Logger] update logger readme with info on sanitizing headers (#21416)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/logger/README.md

For example, setting the log level to `warning` will cause all logs that have the log
level `warning` or `error` to be emitted.

> **NOTE**: When logging the body of request and response, we sanitize headers like `Authorization` that contain secrets. The headers that are logged are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: When logging requests and responses, we sanitize these objects to make sure things like `Authorization` headers that contain secrets are not logged. 

Request and response bodies are never logged. Headers are redacted by default, unless present in the following list or explicitly allowed by the client SDK:
```
